[[Index]]
[[Elasticsearch Cource]]

== Notes ==
1. Graph: All *customers*, Turnover (10 ranges, let FE request the ranges?)
	- Will it be shown in ranges? YES
	- Should BE return actual value for every single org OR group together in ranges? Calculate in BE
	- Do we have the data in elastic? Yes *'turnover'* field on organization, contains the latest data we have for the latest year.
	- [x] STATUS: Staging
	
2. Graph: All *customers*, Number of employees (10 ranges, let FE request the ranges? )
	- What does EXACT NUMBER mean in this context? Exact number of employees
	- Should BE return aggregated data, or a value for every single customer? Aggregated
	- Do we have the data in elastic? Yes, *'number_of_employees_exact'* field, contains latest data for last year.
	- [x] STATUS: Staging
	
3. Graph: Top X, Industry code, *customers* 
	- Should BE return the text, or just the industry code "code" (prefer the code, let FE translate)
	- Let FE set "size" (number of top results to include)
	- Industry code located in field *'0_LineOfBusiness_1'*, only the industry code.
	- [x] STATUS: Staging
	
4. Customer trend widget
	- Total number of customers at a certain point: Year, Quarter, Month, Week (day?)
	- Possibly using history notes - has to be DB query
	- [-] STATUS: Staging - lots of problems, 
	
5. Top X customers in terms of won deals/value (Table)
	- Should allow sorting on columns
	- Should allow to pass "size" & "page"
	- Columns (Company name, Coworker, Sales value, Invoice value (ERP), Number of Deals, Customer since)
	- Should coworker be the person responsible for deal OR set on the company card? COWORKER
	- Easiest solved by db query
	- [x] STATUS: Staging
	
6. Recently lost/won customers (db query)
	- Capped visually in FE (?)
	- [x] STATUS: Included in the "trend widget"?
	
