== Multi-participants ==
There is still a lot of un answered questions on this one for me.

- Should we have history notes on 'extra participants'? (No ?) Only "main coworker will get statistics"
- Should the public API be updated to include 'external participants'? (No ?)
- Cap on number of recipients - is this "security" issue not handled by Nylas?

Pretty light on FE - BE heavy (possibly)

== Elastic search ==

- Source import for organization type - "as a protocol"?
- Possibly start/complete Auth web-client->search API

== Email Sendouts ==
(word of pitch "company" ?????)

Currently the statistics for sendouts is gathered on our side, every time someone opens/reads/bounces etc we get a event tha is queued up and then processed one by one, this process is pretty slow and if any event is missed the statistics will be a missmatch from what m-tech actually have.

Because of above reason there is a delay between when stats show up in the Go app and m-tech

- Is it possible to get the stats from m-tech directly (API? - instead of processing each event)

----

Filtering on persons is done through elastic.
- Company Industry - Persons do currently *NOT* have industry in elastic
- Company County - Persons do currently *NOT* have county in elastic
- Company Responsible - Persons do currently *NOT* have responsible coworker (company) in elastic
- Mail Consent Changed Date - Available

----

== Batched FE Improvements ==

- "FE Wish - Add Relation in Pipeline" - customer relation? (We don't have this in elastic, requires BE)
- "FE Wish - Lead Page" - Adding more sorting options (requires BE, but easy, good issue for Marcus?)

== Invite Coworkers ==
WHY PYTHON?

- Coworkers are index in elastic search, how do we plan on solving this in Python?
- Key Reuslt: transactional emails moved to m-tech -> Are all the emails supposed to be moved? (forgot password etc?)
- Will the "Coworker" be created when you send invite? (coworkers are indexed)
- 




